TINY-10070: Warning is displayed to the console after closing dialog contain an iframe with api.close() (#8910)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Contents would not be removed from the drag start source if dragging and dropping internally into a transparent block element. #TINY-9960
- In some cases pressing enter would scroll the entire page. #TINY-9828
- The border styles of a table were incorrectly split into a longhand form after table dialog updates. #TINY-9843

> - Console may display warning message when closing dialog with an iframe component. #TINY-10070

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A warning message was sometimes printed to the browser console when closing a dialog that contains an iframe component. #TINY-10070
```
